The Summer Festival
I'll tell you a story about a summer festival called the Summer Festival.
Hey, can I have a drink with you?
Sure.
I'm not a good drinker.
Please, I'll drink with you.
I'm a good drinker.
I'll drink with you.
I'm not a good drinker.
Do you know how I was like when I was in the Edo period?
I was really surprised when I was in the Edo period.
I saw a golden horse under the bridge.
I saw a silver horse.
I didn't see a silver horse.
I was really surprised.
I was so angry that I went up the mountain.
I walked around the place I loved.
I saw a dog's grandmother.
I was so angry that I went up the mountain.
I thought I was a man of the Edo period.
Hey, I'm going to bed.
The Edo people are coming here.
You're going to sleep, but you have to remember this.
If you think your land is bad, you shouldn't sleep.
I think it's a little noisy in the Edo period.
But the Edo people are coming to Kyoto.
They are really dirty.
If you are a good person, you should come to Kyoto.
You're a dog, aren't you?
What?
You're a dog's fat, aren't you?
Of course I am.
Food is different between a dog and a fish.
Why do you say that?
You're a fish.
You're a fish that's been caught in the sea for years.
People in Kyoto are quiet and quiet.
You're a fish.
You can't move because you're a fish.
What are you talking about?
People in Kyoto are quiet and quiet.
You're talking nonsense.
You're just saying that people in Kyoto are quiet and quiet.
What are you talking about?
Don't you have any manners?
What manners?
Today is the day of the royal family.
Look at the festival of Gion.
It's so beautiful.
I can't imitate the mountains and the north of Gion.
I'm not good at anything.
I want to go to the temple.
You're so modest.
You're so fast.